this is what's left of a three-story
building in Bahia leveled by Israeli air
strikes in Northern
Gaza much of the north of the strip
resembles a
wasteland with no building and no body
Untouched by Israel's
war an old sick lady with her
daughter-in-law and grandchildren were
sleeping in their home the house was
leveled and they are still buried under
the reubel we managed to recover only
bits in pieces of some of their bodies
there were at least 15 people inside we
could not recover a whole body only bits
and
pieces rescue workers and neighbors face
a daunting
task tons of debris has to be moved
slowly and carefully by hand to retrieve
the
bodies it is very difficult for us to
search without any equipment we are
simply using our bare hands apparent
women and children were the only ones
inside we haven't found a single
Survivor in Rafa in southern Gaza where
1.5 million displaced Palestinians are
Sheltering Israeli planes targeted Al
faruko mosque in the city
center residents say it housed a library
with a collection of historical
texts families forced to say goodbye are
inconsolable we heard the airplanes just
after midnight we looked out of the
window and saw flames and people
screaming there were more than 25 to 30
people in the house when it collapsed
everybody
scattered grief and loss go hand in hand
in
Gaza in what the UN is called a death
zone my clpp aler
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al
jazer